I am Sun Tzu, born in 544 BCE, at the Kingdom
of Wu, China. My Art of War book is studied and
quoted in military strategy courses and
corporate boardrooms around the world.
I grew up in a military family and studied
military science. I served the Kingdom of Wu
as an army general and strategist. I won battles
by not actually fighting my enemy when it wasn't
necessary. I recommended spies, deception and a
commander having complete control of his soldiers.
When I did fight, I understood warfare
better than most of my opponents.
I learned to win battles with
the least loss of my own men.
My military successes inspired me to write
The Art of War, which became popular with
strategists from all seven rival kingdoms during
the Warring States Period between 475 to 221 BCE.
I proposed various maneuvers to utilize effect of
terrain on the outcome of battles. I emphasized
the unpredictability of battle and the use of
flexible strategies and tactics. I believed
in the close relationship between political
considerations and military policy. My vision has
had a profound influence on military thinkers
over the past two thousand years and more.
Tradition avers that the first emperor of unified
China, relied on The Art of War as a strategic
guide when he conquered the other warring states
in 221 BCE. During the Lushan Rebellion in China,
fleeing officials brought my book to Japan,
where it greatly influenced samurai warfare.
Japan's unifiers, American Union officers and army
officials, Chinese Communist leader Mao Zedong;
and Ho Chi Minh. All thoroughly studied my book
and applied its strategies to serve their causes.
He will win who knows when to
fight and when not to fight.
I delivered to the world a book to
make battles swift when necessary.
I hope the world has learned that war isn’t
the answer for every problem and people are
seeing peace and prosperity as opportunities,
opportunities that multiply as they are seized.